Clarify that EditorScript can only run using the internal script editor (#8623)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/plugins/running_code_in_the_editor.rst

Scripts that extend EditorScript must be ``@tool`` scripts to function.

.. note::

>     If you are using an external editor, open the script inside the Godot
>     script editor so you can execute the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    EditorScripts can only be run from the Godot script editor. If you are using
    an external editor, open the script inside the Godot script editor to run it.
```
